# Use Cases

## Yield Seller

* Alice has an YBT she wants to “secure” or “lock” her yield on.
* She comes to our site and looks for the splitting mechanism page where she will interact with our core contract.
* In this page she sees the various expiration splitting pools she can commit to. 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, etc...
* She deposits her YBT in her preferred Splitting Pool and in return receives 2 sets of tokens the PT and YT.
* She then goes to our “Trade” section and sells her YTs in a corresponding Internal Liquidity Pool. Locking in her yield at market price.
* She holds her PTs until expiration of the splitting pool she committed to.
* On expiration she will need to come back to the site and exchange her PTs for the equivalent portion of her YBT that would represent her original principal value

## Principal Seller

* Bob has an YBT for which he is only interested on obtaining the yield for.
* He comes to our site and visits the split pools page
* He selects the Splitting pool he wants to commit to.
* He deposits his YBTs and obtains PTs and YTs
* He visits the trade section and sells his PTs in our Internal Liquidity Pools at market price.
* Holds his YTs until expiration.
* Comes back to site and redeems his YTs for the equivalent port of his YBT that would represent the yield generated by his original principal.

## Yield Buyer

* Chris wants to increase his exposure to the yield for a specific YBT. \(He’s a speculator\)
* He visits our site and heads over to the trade section.
* In there he buys YTs from our Internal Liquidity Pools.
* He holds the YTs until expiration.
* He returns to the site and exchanges his YTs for the equivalent yield generated by the original YBTs used for minting them.

## Principal Buyer

* Daniel wants to increase his exposure to YBT principal tokens. He heard that here they sell at a discount, and act as on-chain futures \(with IL RISK\). \(He’s another speculator\)
* He visits our site and heads over to the trade section.
* In there he buys PTs from our Internal Liquidity Pool.
* He returns to the site and exchanges his PTs for the equivalent principal of the YBTs used for minting them.

## Yield Farmer

* Evan is a power user! He wants to generate more yield on his positions. In order to do so, he wants to turn his YBTs into PTs and YTs and then stake in our Internal Liquidity Pools.
* He visits the splitting page and splits his YBTs into PTs and YTs.
* He heads over to the trade page and stakes his PTs and another coin \(Sol or USD stable\) in one pool and his YTs and another coin \(Sol or USD stable\) and obtains the LP tokens for that pool.
* He holds these LP tokens until the term for his original PTs and YTs expires. 
* He unstakes them and redeems both PTs and YTs. Essentially obtaining his original YBT tokens plus the yield they generated, plus the yield generated by providing liquidity in our Internal Liquidity Pool.

